hey guys what is going on my name is
Otis under and welcome to a giveaway and
space key today I'm doing a giveaway for
classified controllers of the ultra v2
or 10 mode controller and has some
pretty cool modes on it let me go for a
quick zoom so you guys can either look
look for yourselves maybe a better focus
maybe a little bit a little bit better
there we go there's the button cut power
and basically for this giveaway because
I'm doing it for a company guys I do ask
you to do something for me you don't
need to like the video any favorite
video I don't really care about that if
you did it you if you wanted to feel
free but first of all you need to leave
a comment so that we can pick a winner
second of all you need to head into the
description below and check out game
beast and classified controllers click
call their links they have a youtube
channel their facebook they have twitter
click them like them follow them
subscribe to them do every single little
thing and yeah you can win this beauty
so and oh my god just almost like my
lighting get over could you do do as you
see my desk is a bit of a mess but
anyway back to controller and it's
basically as you have seen a quick kind
of review going over this controller
showing some awesome modes and what it
can do and how it looks cooler lights up
and was the battery back and but
basically and what the main kind of the
kind of main videos I will be doing for
this is actually it for the the
basically don't for it i will call it my
couch card and i'll show you each
individual mode on the thing that video
is coming very very soon but all you
need to do for this giveaway is comment
sent you've entered and do only the
click all the links in description below
and like them whenever follow them
subscribe to them basically it's just to
say big big thank you for classified
controllers and to game beast for
organizing this giveaway for me for you
guys and we don't use do anything for me
but I'm that's pretty much it so thanks
very much guys I hope you enter and have
a good day